Once upon a time there were four little 🐰s, and their names
were--

          Flopsy,
       Mopsy,
   Cotton-tail,
and Peter.

They lived with their Mother in a sand-bank, underneath the root of a
very big 🌲.

'Now my dears,' said old Mrs. 🐰 one morning, 'you may go into
the fields or down the lane, but don't go into Mr. 🚜's 🌱:
your Father had an accident there; he was put in a 🥧 by Mrs.
🚜.'

'Now run along, and don't get into mischief. I am going out.'

Then old Mrs. 🐰 took a 🧺 and her ☂, and went through
the wood to the baker's. She bought a loaf of 🍞 and five
currant 🥐.

Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cottontail, who were good little 🐇, went
down the lane to gather 🍇:

But Peter, who was very naughty, ran straight away to Mr. 🚜's
🌱, and squeezed under the gate!

First he ate some 🥬 and some French beans; and then he ate
some 🌶;

And then, feeling rather sick, he went to look for some parsley.

But round the end of a 🥒 frame, whom should he meet but Mr.
🚜!

Mr. 🚜 was on his hands and knees planting out young 🥦,
but he jumped up and ran after Peter, waving a rake and calling out,
'Stop thief!'

Peter was most dreadfully frightened; he rushed all over the 🌱,
for he had forgotten the way back to the gate.

He lost one of his 👟 among the 🥦, and the other shoe
amongst the 🥔.

After losing them, he ran on four legs and went faster, so that I
think he might have got away altogether if he had not unfortunately
run into a gooseberry net, and got caught by the large 🔘 on his
🧥. It was a blue 🧥 with brass 🔘, quite new.

Peter gave himself up for lost, and shed big 😭; but his sobs were
overheard by some friendly 🐤, who flew to him in great
excitement, and implored him to exert himself.

Mr. 🚜 came up with a sieve, which he intended to pop upon the
top of Peter; but Peter wriggled out just in time, leaving his 🧥
behind him.

And rushed into the tool-shed, and jumped into a can. It would have
been a beautiful thing to hide in, if it had not had so much 💧 in it.

Mr. 🚜 was quite sure that Peter was somewhere in the
tool-shed, perhaps hidden underneath a 🪴. He began to turn
them over carefully, looking under each.

Presently Peter sneezed--'🤧' Mr. 🚜 was after him in
no time.

And tried to put his foot upon Peter, who jumped out of a window,
upsetting three plants. The window was too small for Mr. 🚜, and
he was 😴 of running after Peter. He went back to his work.

Peter sat down to rest; he was out of breath and trembling with
fright, and he had not the least idea which way to go. Also he was
very damp with sitting in that can.

After a time he began to wander about, going lippity--lippity--not
very fast, and looking all round.

He found a door in a wall; but it was locked, and there was no room
for a fat little rabbit to squeeze underneath.

An old 🐭 was running in and out over the stone doorstep, carrying
peas and beans to her family in the wood. Peter asked her the way to
the gate, but she had such a large pea in her mouth that she could not
answer. She only shook her head at him. Peter began to cry.

Then he tried to find his way straight across the 🌱, but he
became more and more puzzled. Presently, he came to a pond where Mr.
🚜 filled his 💧-cans. A white 🐱 was staring at some
🐠, she sat very, very still, but now and then the tip of her
tail twitched as if it were alive. Peter thought it best to go away
without speaking to her; he had heard about 🐱s from his cousin,
little Benjamin Bunny.

He went back towards the tool-shed, but suddenly, quite close to him,
he heard the noise of a hoe--scr-r-ritch, scratch, scratch, scritch.
Peter scuttered underneath the bushes. But presently, as nothing
happened, he came out, and climbed upon a wheelbarrow and peeped over.
The first thing he saw was Mr. 🚜 hoeing 🧅. His back was
turned towards Peter, and beyond him was the gate!

Peter got down very quietly off the wheelbarrow; and started running
as fast as he could go, along a straight walk behind some
black-currant bushes.

Mr. 🚜 caught sight of him at the corner, but Peter did not
care. He slipped underneath the gate, and was safe at last in the wood
outside the 🌱.

Mr. 🚜 hung up the little 🧥 and the 👟 for a scare-crow
to frighten the 🐦.

Peter never stopped running or looked behind him till he got home to
the big 🌲.

He was so 😴 that he flopped down upon the nice soft sand on the
floor of the rabbit-hole and shut his eyes. His mother was busy
cooking; she wondered what he had done with his clothes. It was the
second little 🧥 and pair of 👟 that Peter had lost in a
fortnight!

I am sorry to say that Peter was not very well during the evening.

His mother put him to bed, and made some 🍵; and she gave a
dose of it to Peter!

'One table-spoonful to be taken at 🛏.'

But Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cotton-tail had bread and 🥛 and
🍇 for supper.
